# KingdomsUnderSiege
Asymmetrical multiplayer game. Playing like a combination between a tower defense game for one player (called the overseer) and a multiplayer online battle arena for the other players (called the heroes).  The overseer places towers and other defenses to protect their base from the heroes, who have special hero units (which are controlled directly by the players) and AI controlled minions that automatically attack the overseer's base.  The minions spawn in waves, and in between each round, the overseer can place new towers and upgrade their defenses.  During the round, the overseer cannot place new towers, but can upgrade existing ones and buy some of their own troops to fight the heroes' minions.  Meanwhile, the hero players will be able to upgrade their hero unit and minions in between rounds.

The hero players share a pool of money for upgrading their minions (which are shared between them), but each one has their own experience points, which are used to upgrade the hero unit.  They get this experience by damaging and destroying towers, putting their hero unit at risk.  When a hero unit dies, its player is out of the game until another player spends their own experience points to revive them.  If all three hero units die, then the overseer wins the game.

For the overseer, the game is top-down strategy, where they can see the whole map, including the heroes and their units.  For the heroes, it would play like a top-down action game, where the camera follows the hero unit, so the heroes cannot see the whole map.

